Try to flag incorrectly-formatted CODEOWNERS files (#1796)
seek-oss/skuba: .changeset/dry-scissors-impress.md

---
'skuba': minor
---

lint: Flag CODEOWNERS files that appear to have been incorrectly formatted

> Some code editors occasionally incorrectly detect `CODEOWNERS` files as markdown files, and on save format them as such, breaking their syntax. skuba now attempts to detect this and flags the file as being incorrect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some code editors incorrectly detect `CODEOWNERS` files as markdown files and re-format them as such, breaking their syntax. `skuba lint` now attempts to detect this scenario and flags the file as being incorrect.
```
